---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_appliance_vlans Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Appliances"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Appliance VLAN configuration.
---

# meraki_appliance_vlans (Data Source)

This data source can read the `Appliance VLAN` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_appliance_vlans" "example" {
  network_id = "L_123456"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) Network ID

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The list of items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `appliance_ip` (String) The local IP of the appliance on the VLAN
- `cidr` (String) CIDR of the pool of subnets. Applicable only for template network. Each network bound to the template will automatically pick a subnet from this pool to build its own VLAN.
- `dhcp_boot_filename` (String) DHCP boot option for boot filename
- `dhcp_boot_next_server` (String) DHCP boot option to direct boot clients to the server to load the boot file from
- `dhcp_boot_options_enabled` (Boolean) Use DHCP boot options specified in other properties
- `dhcp_handling` (String) The appliance`s handling of DHCP requests on this VLAN. One of: `Run a DHCP server`, `Relay DHCP to another server` or `Do not respond to DHCP requests`
- `dhcp_lease_time` (String) The term of DHCP leases if the appliance is running a DHCP server on this VLAN. One of: `30 minutes`, `1 hour`, `4 hours`, `12 hours`, `1 day` or `1 week`
- `dhcp_options` (Attributes List) The list of DHCP options that will be included in DHCP responses. Each object in the list should have 'code', 'type', and 'value' properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--dhcp_options))
- `dhcp_relay_server_ips` (List of String) The IPs of the DHCP servers that DHCP requests should be relayed to
- `dns_nameservers` (String) The DNS nameservers used for DHCP responses, either 'upstream_dns', 'google_dns', 'opendns', or a newline seperated string of IP addresses or domain names
- `fixed_ip_assignments` (Attributes Map) The DHCP fixed IP assignments on the VLAN. Thekey of this map is a MAC address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--fixed_ip_assignments))
- `group_policy_id` (String) The id of the desired group policy to apply to the VLAN
- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `ipv6_enabled` (Boolean) Enable IPv6 on VLAN.
- `ipv6_prefix_assignments` (Attributes List) Prefix assignments on the VLAN (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ipv6_prefix_assignments))
- `mandatory_dhcp_enabled` (Boolean) Enable Mandatory DHCP on VLAN.
- `mask` (Number) Mask used for the subnet of all bound to the template networks. Applicable only for template network.
- `name` (String) The name of the new VLAN
- `reserved_ip_ranges` (Attributes List) The DHCP reserved IP ranges on the VLAN (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--reserved_ip_ranges))
- `subnet` (String) The subnet of the VLAN
- `template_vlan_type` (String) Type of subnetting of the VLAN. Applicable only for template network.
- `vlan_id` (String) The VLAN ID of the new VLAN (must be between 1 and 4094)
- `vpn_nat_subnet` (String) The translated VPN subnet if VPN and VPN subnet translation are enabled on the VLAN

<a id="nestedatt--items--dhcp_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.dhcp_options`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) The code for the DHCP option. This should be an integer between 2 and 254.
- `type` (String) The type for the DHCP option. One of: `text`, `ip`, `hex` or `integer`
- `value` (String) The value for the DHCP option


<a id="nestedatt--items--fixed_ip_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.fixed_ip_assignments`

Read-Only:

- `ip` (String) The IP address to assign to the client
- `name` (String) The name of the client


<a id="nestedatt--items--ipv6_prefix_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ipv6_prefix_assignments`

Read-Only:

- `autonomous` (Boolean) Auto assign a /64 prefix from the origin to the VLAN
- `origin_interfaces` (List of String) Interfaces associated with the prefix
- `origin_type` (String) Type of the origin
- `static_appliance_ip6` (String) Manual configuration of the IPv6 Appliance IP
- `static_prefix` (String) Manual configuration of a /64 prefix on the VLAN


<a id="nestedatt--items--reserved_ip_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.reserved_ip_ranges`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) A text comment for the reserved range
- `end` (String) The last IP in the reserved range
- `start` (String) The first IP in the reserved range
