---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_appliance_third_party_vpn_peers Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Appliances"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Appliance Third Party VPN Peers configuration.
---

# meraki_appliance_third_party_vpn_peers (Data Source)

This data source can read the `Appliance Third Party VPN Peers` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_appliance_third_party_vpn_peers" "example" {
  organization_id = "123456"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) Organization ID

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `peers` (Attributes List) The list of VPN peers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--peers))

<a id="nestedatt--peers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `peers`

Read-Only:

- `ike_version` (String) [optional] The IKE version to be used for the IPsec VPN peer configuration. Defaults to `1` when omitted.
- `ipsec_policies_child_auth_algo` (List of String) This is the authentication algorithms to be used in Phase 2. The value should be an array with one of the following algorithms: `sha256`, `sha1`, `md5`
- `ipsec_policies_child_cipher_algo` (List of String) This is the cipher algorithms to be used in Phase 2. The value should be an array with one or more of the following algorithms: `aes256`, `aes192`, `aes128`, `tripledes`, `des`, `null`
- `ipsec_policies_child_lifetime` (Number) The lifetime of the Phase 2 SA in seconds.
- `ipsec_policies_child_pfs_group` (List of String) This is the Diffie-Hellman group to be used for Perfect Forward Secrecy in Phase 2. The value should be an array with one of the following values: `disabled`,`group14`, `group5`, `group2`, `group1`
- `ipsec_policies_ike_auth_algo` (List of String) This is the authentication algorithm to be used in Phase 1. The value should be an array with one of the following algorithms: `sha256`, `sha1`, `md5`
- `ipsec_policies_ike_cipher_algo` (List of String) This is the cipher algorithm to be used in Phase 1. The value should be an array with one of the following algorithms: `aes256`, `aes192`, `aes128`, `tripledes`, `des`
- `ipsec_policies_ike_diffie_hellman_group` (List of String) This is the Diffie-Hellman group to be used in Phase 1. The value should be an array with one of the following algorithms: `group14`, `group5`, `group2`, `group1`
- `ipsec_policies_ike_lifetime` (Number) The lifetime of the Phase 1 SA in seconds.
- `ipsec_policies_ike_prf_algo` (List of String) [optional] This is the pseudo-random function to be used in IKE_SA. The value should be an array with one of the following algorithms: `prfsha256`, `prfsha1`, `prfmd5`, `default`. The `default` option can be used to default to the Authentication algorithm.
- `ipsec_policies_preset` (String) One of the following available presets: `default`, `aws`, `azure`, `umbrella`, `zscaler`. If this is provided, the `ipsecPolicies` parameter is ignored.
- `local_id` (String) [optional] The local ID is used to identify the MX to the peer. This will apply to all MXs this peer applies to.
- `name` (String) The name of the VPN peer
- `network_tags` (List of String) A list of network tags that will connect with this peer. Use [`all`] for all networks. Use [`none`] for no networks. If not included, the default is [`all`].
- `private_subnets` (List of String) The list of the private subnets of the VPN peer
- `public_hostname` (String) [optional] The public hostname of the VPN peer
- `public_ip` (String) [optional] The public IP of the VPN peer
- `remote_id` (String) [optional] The remote ID is used to identify the connecting VPN peer. This can either be a valid IPv4 Address, FQDN or User FQDN.
- `secret` (String) The shared secret with the VPN peer
