---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_appliance_uplinks_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Appliances"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Appliance Uplinks Settings configuration.
---

# meraki_appliance_uplinks_settings (Data Source)

This data source can read the `Appliance Uplinks Settings` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_appliance_uplinks_settings" "example" {
  serial = "1234-ABCD-1234"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `serial` (String) Device serial

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `interfaces_wan1_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the interface.
- `interfaces_wan1_pppoe_authentication_enabled` (Boolean) Whether PPPoE authentication is enabled.
- `interfaces_wan1_pppoe_authentication_password` (String) Password for PPPoE authentication. This parameter is not returned.
- `interfaces_wan1_pppoe_authentication_username` (String) Username for PPPoE authentication.
- `interfaces_wan1_pppoe_enabled` (Boolean) Whether PPPoE is enabled.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv4_address` (String) IP address and subnet mask when in static mode.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv4_assignment_mode` (String) The assignment mode for this SVI. Applies only when PPPoE is disabled.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv4_gateway` (String) Gateway IP address when in static mode.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv4_nameservers_addresses` (List of String) Up to 2 nameserver addresses to use, ordered in priority from highest to lowest priority.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv6_address` (String) Static address that will override the one(s) received by SLAAC.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv6_assignment_mode` (String) The assignment mode for this SVI. Applies only when PPPoE is disabled.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv6_gateway` (String) Static gateway that will override the one received by autoconf.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv6_nameservers_addresses` (List of String) Up to 2 nameserver addresses to use, ordered in priority from highest to lowest priority.
- `interfaces_wan1_vlan_tagging_enabled` (Boolean) Whether VLAN tagging is enabled.
- `interfaces_wan1_vlan_tagging_vlan_id` (Number) The ID of the VLAN to use for VLAN tagging.
- `interfaces_wan2_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the interface.
- `interfaces_wan2_pppoe_authentication_enabled` (Boolean) Whether PPPoE authentication is enabled.
- `interfaces_wan2_pppoe_authentication_password` (String) Password for PPPoE authentication. This parameter is not returned.
- `interfaces_wan2_pppoe_authentication_username` (String) Username for PPPoE authentication.
- `interfaces_wan2_pppoe_enabled` (Boolean) Whether PPPoE is enabled.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv4_address` (String) IP address and subnet mask when in static mode.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv4_assignment_mode` (String) The assignment mode for this SVI. Applies only when PPPoE is disabled.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv4_gateway` (String) Gateway IP address when in static mode.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv4_nameservers_addresses` (List of String) Up to 2 nameserver addresses to use, ordered in priority from highest to lowest priority.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv6_address` (String) Static address that will override the one(s) received by SLAAC.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv6_assignment_mode` (String) The assignment mode for this SVI. Applies only when PPPoE is disabled.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv6_gateway` (String) Static gateway that will override the one received by autoconf.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv6_nameservers_addresses` (List of String) Up to 2 nameserver addresses to use, ordered in priority from highest to lowest priority.
- `interfaces_wan2_vlan_tagging_enabled` (Boolean) Whether VLAN tagging is enabled.
- `interfaces_wan2_vlan_tagging_vlan_id` (Number) The ID of the VLAN to use for VLAN tagging.
