---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_appliance_rf_profiles Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Appliances"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Appliance RF Profile configuration.
---

# meraki_appliance_rf_profiles (Data Source)

This data source can read the `Appliance RF Profile` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_appliance_rf_profiles" "example" {
  network_id = "L_123456"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) Network ID

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The list of items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `five_ghz_settings_ax_enabled` (Boolean) Determines whether ax radio on 5Ghz band is on or off. Can be either true or false. If false, we highly recommend disabling band steering. Defaults to true.
- `five_ghz_settings_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of 5Ghz band. Can be one of `6`, `9`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`. Defaults to 12.
- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `name` (String) The name of the new profile. Must be unique. This param is required on creation.
- `per_ssid_settings_1_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings_1_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings_2_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings_2_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings_3_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings_3_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings_4_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings_4_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `two_four_ghz_settings_ax_enabled` (Boolean) Determines whether ax radio on 2.4Ghz band is on or off. Can be either true or false. If false, we highly recommend disabling band steering. Defaults to true.
- `two_four_ghz_settings_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of 2.4Ghz band. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`. Defaults to 11.
