---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_network_meraki_auth_users Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Networks"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Network Meraki Auth User configuration in bulk.
---

# meraki_network_meraki_auth_users (Data Source)

This data source can read the `Network Meraki Auth User` configuration in bulk.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_network_meraki_auth_users" "example" {
  network_id = "L_123456"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) Network ID

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The list of items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `account_type` (String) Authorization type for user. Can be `Guest` or `802.1X` for wireless networks, or `Client VPN` for MX networks. Defaults to `802.1X`.
- `authorizations` (Attributes List) Authorization zones and expiration dates for the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--authorizations))
- `email` (String) Email address of the user
- `email_password_to_user` (Boolean) Whether or not Meraki should email the password to user. Default is false.
- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `is_admin` (Boolean) Whether or not the user is a Dashboard administrator.
- `name` (String) Name of the user. Only required If the user is not a Dashboard administrator.
- `password` (String) The password for this user account. Only required If the user is not a Dashboard administrator.

<a id="nestedatt--items--authorizations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.authorizations`

Read-Only:

- `expires_at` (String) Date for authorization to expire. Set to `Never` for the authorization to not expire, which is the default.
- `ssid_number` (Number) Required for wireless networks. The SSID for which the user is being authorized, which must be configured for the user`s given accountType.
