---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_switch_alternate_management_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Switches"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Switch Alternate Management Interface configuration.
---

# meraki_switch_alternate_management_interface (Data Source)

This data source can read the `Switch Alternate Management Interface` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_switch_alternate_management_interface" "example" {
  network_id = "L_123456"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) Network ID

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) Boolean value to enable or disable AMI configuration. If enabled, VLAN and protocols must be set
- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `protocols` (Set of String) Can be one or more of the following values: `radius`, `snmp` or `syslog`
- `switches` (Attributes List) Array of switch serial number and IP assignment. If parameter is present, it cannot have empty body. Note: switches parameter is not applicable for template networks, in other words, do not put `switches` in the body when updating template networks. Also, an empty `switches` array will remove all previous assignments (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--switches))
- `vlan_id` (Number) Alternate management VLAN, must be between 1 and 4094

<a id="nestedatt--switches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `switches`

Read-Only:

- `alternate_management_ip` (String) Switch alternative management IP. To remove a prior IP setting, provide an empty string
- `gateway` (String) Switch gateway must be in IP format. Only and must be specified for Polaris switches
- `serial` (String) Switch serial number
- `subnet_mask` (String) Switch subnet mask must be in IP format. Only and must be specified for Polaris switches
