---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_switch_ports Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Switches"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Switch Ports configuration in bulk.
---

# meraki_switch_ports (Data Source)

This data source can read the `Switch Ports` configuration in bulk.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_switch_ports" "example" {
  serial = "1234-ABCD-1234"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `serial` (String) Device serial

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The list of items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `access_policy_number` (Number) The number of a custom access policy to configure on the switch port. Only applicable when `accessPolicyType` is `Custom access policy`.
- `access_policy_type` (String) The type of the access policy of the switch port. Only applicable to access ports. Can be one of `Open`, `Custom access policy`, `MAC allow list` or `Sticky MAC allow list`.
- `adaptive_policy_group_id` (String) The ID of the adaptive policy group.
- `adaptive_policy_group_name` (String) The name of the adaptive policy group.
- `allowed_vlans` (String) The VLANs allowed on the switch port. Only applicable to trunk ports.
- `dai_trusted` (Boolean) If true, ARP packets for this port will be considered trusted, and Dynamic ARP Inspection will allow the traffic.
- `dot3az_enabled` (Boolean) The Energy Efficient Ethernet status of the switch port.
- `enabled` (Boolean) The status of the switch port.
- `flexible_stacking_enabled` (Boolean) For supported switches (e.g. MS420/MS425), whether or not the port has flexible stacking enabled.
- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `isolation_enabled` (Boolean) The isolation status of the switch port.
- `link_negotiation` (String) The link speed for the switch port.
- `link_negotiation_capabilities` (List of String) Available link speeds for the switch port.
- `mac_allow_list` (List of String) Only devices with MAC addresses specified in this list will have access to this port. Up to 20 MAC addresses can be defined. Only applicable when `accessPolicyType` is `MAC allow list`.
- `mac_whitelist_limit` (Number) The maximum number of MAC addresses for regular MAC allow list. Only applicable when `accessPolicyType` is `MAC allow list`. Note: Config only supported on verions greater than ms18 only for classic switches.
- `mirror_mode` (String) The port mirror mode. Can be one of (`Destination port`, `Source port` or `Not mirroring traffic`).
- `module_model` (String) The model of the expansion module.
- `name` (String) The name of the switch port.
- `peer_sgt_capable` (Boolean) If true, Peer SGT is enabled for traffic through this switch port. Applicable to trunk port only, not access port. Cannot be applied to a port on a switch bound to profile.
- `poe_enabled` (Boolean) The PoE status of the switch port.
- `port_id` (String) The identifier of the switch port.
- `port_schedule_id` (String) The ID of the port schedule. A value of null will clear the port schedule.
- `profile_enabled` (Boolean) When enabled, override this port`s configuration with a port profile.
- `profile_id` (String) When enabled, the ID of the port profile used to override the port`s configuration.
- `profile_iname` (String) When enabled, the IName of the profile.
- `rstp_enabled` (Boolean) The rapid spanning tree protocol status.
- `schedule_id` (String) The ID of the port schedule.
- `schedule_name` (String) The name of the port schedule.
- `stackwise_virtual_is_dual_active_detector` (Boolean) For SVL devices, whether or not the port is used for Dual Active Detection.
- `stackwise_virtual_is_stack_wise_virtual_link` (Boolean) For SVL devices, whether or not the port is used for StackWise Virtual Link.
- `sticky_mac_allow_list` (List of String) The initial list of MAC addresses for sticky Mac allow list. Only applicable when `accessPolicyType` is `Sticky MAC allow list`.
- `sticky_mac_allow_list_limit` (Number) The maximum number of MAC addresses for sticky MAC allow list. Only applicable when `accessPolicyType` is `Sticky MAC allow list`.
- `storm_control_enabled` (Boolean) The storm control status of the switch port.
- `stp_guard` (String) The state of the STP guard (`disabled`, `root guard`, `bpdu guard` or `loop guard`).
- `tags` (List of String) The list of tags of the switch port.
- `type` (String) The type of the switch port (`trunk`, `access` or `stack`).
- `udld` (String) The action to take when Unidirectional Link is detected (Alert only, Enforce). Default configuration is Alert only.
- `vlan` (Number) The VLAN of the switch port. For a trunk port, this is the native VLAN. A null value will clear the value set for trunk ports.
- `voice_vlan` (Number) The voice VLAN of the switch port. Only applicable to access ports.
