---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_switch_port_schedules Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Switches"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Switch Port Schedule configuration in bulk.
---

# meraki_switch_port_schedules (Data Source)

This data source can read the `Switch Port Schedule` configuration in bulk.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_switch_port_schedules" "example" {
  network_id = "L_123456"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) Network ID

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The list of items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `name` (String) The name for your port schedule. Required
- `port_schedule_friday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_friday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_friday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_monday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_monday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_monday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_saturday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_saturday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_saturday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_sunday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_sunday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_sunday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_thursday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_thursday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_thursday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_tuesday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_tuesday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_tuesday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_wednesday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_wednesday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_wednesday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
