---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_wireless_rf_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Wireless"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Wireless RF profile configuration.
---

# meraki_wireless_rf_profile (Data Source)

This data source can read the `Wireless RF profile` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_wireless_rf_profile" "example" {
  id         = "12345678"
  network_id = "L_123456"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) Network ID

### Optional

- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `name` (String) The name of the new profile. Must be unique. This param is required on creation.

### Read-Only

- `ap_band_settings_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`. Defaults to dual.
- `ap_band_settings_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band. Can be either true or false. Defaults to true.
- `ap_band_settings_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `band_selection_type` (String) Band selection can be set to either `ssid` or `ap`. This param is required on creation.
- `client_balancing_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to best available access point. Can be either true or false. Defaults to true.
- `five_ghz_settings_channel_width` (String) Sets channel width (MHz) for 5Ghz band. Can be one of `auto`, `20`, `40` or `80`. Defaults to auto.
- `five_ghz_settings_max_power` (Number) Sets max power (dBm) of 5Ghz band. Can be integer between 2 and 30. Defaults to 30.
- `five_ghz_settings_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of 5Ghz band. Can be one of `6`, `9`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`. Defaults to 12.
- `five_ghz_settings_min_power` (Number) Sets min power (dBm) of 5Ghz band. Can be integer between 2 and 30. Defaults to 8.
- `five_ghz_settings_rxsop` (Number) The RX-SOP level controls the sensitivity of the radio. It is strongly recommended to use RX-SOP only after consulting a wireless expert. RX-SOP can be configured in the range of -65 to -95 (dBm). A value of null will reset this to the default.
- `five_ghz_settings_valid_auto_channels` (List of Number) Sets valid auto channels for 5Ghz band. Can be one of `36`, `40`, `44`, `48`, `52`, `56`, `60`, `64`, `100`, `104`, `108`, `112`, `116`, `120`, `124`, `128`, `132`, `136`, `140`, `144`, `149`, `153`, `157`, `161` or `165`.Defaults to [36, 40, 44, 48, 52, 56, 60, 64, 100, 104, 108, 112, 116, 120, 124, 128, 132, 136, 140, 144, 149, 153, 157, 161, 165].
- `flex_radios_by_model` (Attributes List) Flex radios by model. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flex_radios_by_model))
- `min_bitrate_type` (String) Minimum bitrate can be set to either `band` or `ssid`. Defaults to band.
- `per_ssid_settings0_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings0_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings0_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings0_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings10_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings10_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings10_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings10_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings11_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings11_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings11_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings11_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings12_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings12_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings12_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings12_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings13_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings13_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings13_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings13_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings14_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings14_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings14_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings14_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings1_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings1_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings1_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings1_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings2_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings2_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings2_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings2_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings3_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings3_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings3_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings3_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings4_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings4_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings4_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings4_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings5_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings5_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings5_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings5_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings6_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings6_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings6_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings6_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings7_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings7_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings7_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings7_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings8_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings8_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings8_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings8_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `per_ssid_settings9_band_operation_mode` (String) Choice between `dual`, `2.4ghz`, `5ghz`, `6ghz` or `multi`.
- `per_ssid_settings9_band_steering_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to most open band between 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Can be either true or false.
- `per_ssid_settings9_bands_enabled` (List of String) List of enabled bands. Can include ['2.4', '5', '6', 'disabled']
- `per_ssid_settings9_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of this SSID. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`.
- `six_ghz_settings_channel_width` (String) Sets channel width (MHz) for 6Ghz band. Can be one of `0`, `20`, `40`, `80` or `160`. Defaults to 0.
- `six_ghz_settings_max_power` (Number) Sets max power (dBm) of 6Ghz band. Can be integer between 2 and 30. Defaults to 30.
- `six_ghz_settings_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of 6Ghz band. Can be one of `6`, `9`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`. Defaults to 12.
- `six_ghz_settings_min_power` (Number) Sets min power (dBm) of 6Ghz band. Can be integer between 2 and 30. Defaults to 8.
- `six_ghz_settings_rxsop` (Number) The RX-SOP level controls the sensitivity of the radio. It is strongly recommended to use RX-SOP only after consulting a wireless expert. RX-SOP can be configured in the range of -65 to -95 (dBm). A value of null will reset this to the default.
- `six_ghz_settings_valid_auto_channels` (List of Number) Sets valid auto channels for 6Ghz band. Can be one of `1`, `5`, `9`, `13`, `17`, `21`, `25`, `29`, `33`, `37`, `41`, `45`, `49`, `53`, `57`, `61`, `65`, `69`, `73`, `77`, `81`, `85`, `89`, `93`, `97`, `101`, `105`, `109`, `113`, `117`, `121`, `125`, `129`, `133`, `137`, `141`, `145`, `149`, `153`, `157`, `161`, `165`, `169`, `173`, `177`, `181`, `185`, `189`, `193`, `197`, `201`, `205`, `209`, `213`, `217`, `221`, `225`, `229` or `233`.Defaults to [1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29, 33, 37, 41, 45, 49, 53, 57, 61, 65, 69, 73, 77, 81, 85, 89, 93, 97, 101, 105, 109, 113, 117, 121, 125, 129, 133, 137, 141, 145, 149, 153, 157, 161, 165, 169, 173, 177, 181, 185, 189, 193, 197, 201, 205, 209, 213, 217, 221, 225, 229, 233].
- `transmission_enabled` (Boolean) Toggle for radio transmission. When false, radios will not transmit at all.
- `two_four_ghz_settings_ax_enabled` (Boolean) Determines whether ax radio on 2.4Ghz band is on or off. Can be either true or false. If false, we highly recommend disabling band steering. Defaults to true.
- `two_four_ghz_settings_max_power` (Number) Sets max power (dBm) of 2.4Ghz band. Can be integer between 2 and 30. Defaults to 30.
- `two_four_ghz_settings_min_bitrate` (Number) Sets min bitrate (Mbps) of 2.4Ghz band. Can be one of `1`, `2`, `5.5`, `6`, `9`, `11`, `12`, `18`, `24`, `36`, `48` or `54`. Defaults to 11.
- `two_four_ghz_settings_min_power` (Number) Sets min power (dBm) of 2.4Ghz band. Can be integer between 2 and 30. Defaults to 5.
- `two_four_ghz_settings_rxsop` (Number) The RX-SOP level controls the sensitivity of the radio. It is strongly recommended to use RX-SOP only after consulting a wireless expert. RX-SOP can be configured in the range of -65 to -95 (dBm). A value of null will reset this to the default.
- `two_four_ghz_settings_valid_auto_channels` (List of Number) Sets valid auto channels for 2.4Ghz band. Can be one of `1`, `6` or `11`. Defaults to [1, 6, 11].

<a id="nestedatt--flex_radios_by_model"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flex_radios_by_model`

Read-Only:

- `bands` (List of String) Band to use for each flex radio. For example, [`6`] will set the AP`s first flex radio to 6 GHz
- `model` (String) Model of the AP
