---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_wireless_ssid_schedules Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Wireless"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Wireless SSID Schedules configuration.
---

# meraki_wireless_ssid_schedules (Data Source)

This data source can read the `Wireless SSID Schedules` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_wireless_ssid_schedules" "example" {
  network_id = "L_123456"
  number     = "0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `number` (String) Wireless SSID number

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, the SSID outage schedule is enabled.
- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `ranges` (Attributes List) List of outage ranges. Has a start date and time, and end date and time. If this parameter is passed in along with rangesInSeconds parameter, this will take precedence. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ranges))
- `ranges_in_seconds` (Attributes List) List of outage ranges in seconds since Sunday at Midnight. Has a start and end. If this parameter is passed in along with the ranges parameter, ranges will take precedence. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ranges_in_seconds))

<a id="nestedatt--ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ranges`

Read-Only:

- `end_day` (String) Day of when the outage ends. Can be either full day name, or three letter abbreviation
- `end_time` (String) 24 hour time when the outage ends.
- `start_day` (String) Day of when the outage starts. Can be either full day name, or three letter abbreviation.
- `start_time` (String) 24 hour time when the outage starts.


<a id="nestedatt--ranges_in_seconds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ranges_in_seconds`

Read-Only:

- `end` (Number) Seconds since Sunday at midnight when that outage range ends.
- `start` (Number) Seconds since Sunday at midnight when the outage range starts.
