---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_admin Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Organizations"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Admin configuration.
---

# meraki_admin (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Admin` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_admin" "example" {
  organization_id       = "123456"
  authentication_method = "Email"
  email                 = "miles@meraki.com"
  name                  = "Miles Meraki"
  org_access            = "none"
  networks = [
    {
      access = "full"
      id     = "N_24329156"
    }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      access = "read-only"
      tag    = "west"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) The email of the dashboard administrator. This attribute can not be updated.
- `name` (String) The name of the dashboard administrator
- `org_access` (String) The privilege of the dashboard administrator on the organization. Can be one of `full`, `read-only`, `enterprise` or `none`
  - Choices: `enterprise`, `full`, `none`, `read-only`
- `organization_id` (String) Organization ID

### Optional

- `authentication_method` (String) No longer used as of Cisco SecureX end-of-life. Can be one of `Email`. The default is Email authentication.
  - Choices: `Email`
- `networks` (Attributes List) The list of networks that the dashboard administrator has privileges on (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networks))
- `tags` (Attributes List) The list of tags that the dashboard administrator has privileges on (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networks`

Required:

- `access` (String) The privilege of the dashboard administrator on the network. Can be one of `full`, `read-only`, `guest-ambassador` or `monitor-only`
  - Choices: `full`, `read-only`, `guest-ambassador`, `monitor-only`
- `id` (String) The network ID


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `access` (String) The privilege of the dashboard administrator on the tag. Can be one of `full`, `read-only`, `guest-ambassador` or `monitor-only`
  - Choices: `full`, `guest-ambassador`, `monitor-only`, `read-only`
- `tag` (String) The name of the tag

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_admin.example "<organization_id>,<id>"
```
