---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_appliance_traffic_shaping_rules Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Appliances"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Appliance Traffic Shaping Rules configuration.
---

# meraki_appliance_traffic_shaping_rules (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Appliance Traffic Shaping Rules` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_appliance_traffic_shaping_rules" "example" {
  network_id            = "L_123456"
  default_rules_enabled = true
  rules = [
    {
      dscp_tag_value                      = 0
      priority                            = "normal"
      per_client_bandwidth_limit_settings = "custom"
      per_client_bandwidth_limit_down     = 1000000
      per_client_bandwidth_limit_up       = 1000000
      definitions = [
        {
          type  = "host"
          value = "google.com"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) Network ID

### Optional

- `default_rules_enabled` (Boolean) Whether default traffic shaping rules are enabled (true) or disabled (false). There are 4 default rules, which can be seen on your network`s traffic shaping page. Note that default rules count against the rule limit of 8.
- `rules` (Attributes List) An array of traffic shaping rules. Rules are applied in the order that they are specified in. An empty list (or null) means no rules. Note that you are allowed a maximum of 8 rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `definitions` (Attributes List) A list of objects describing the definitions of your traffic shaping rule. At least one definition is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--definitions))

Optional:

- `dscp_tag_value` (Number) The DSCP tag applied by your rule. null means `Do not change DSCP tag`. For a list of possible tag values, use the trafficShaping/dscpTaggingOptions endpoint.
- `per_client_bandwidth_limit_down` (Number) The maximum download limit (integer, in Kbps).
- `per_client_bandwidth_limit_settings` (String) How bandwidth limits are applied by your rule. Can be one of `network default`, `ignore` or `custom`.
- `per_client_bandwidth_limit_up` (Number) The maximum upload limit (integer, in Kbps).
- `priority` (String) A string, indicating the priority level for packets bound to your rule. Can be `low`, `normal` or `high`.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--definitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.definitions`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of definition. Can be one of `application`, `applicationCategory`, `host`, `port`, `ipRange` or `localNet`.
  - Choices: `application`, `applicationCategory`, `host`, `ipRange`, `localNet`, `port`
- `value` (String) If 'type' is `host`, `port`, `ipRange` or `localNet`, then 'value' must be a string, matching either a hostname (e.g. 'somesite.com'), a port (e.g. 8080), or an IP range ('192.1.0.0', '192.1.0.0/16', or '10.1.0.0/16:80'). `localNet` also supports CIDR notation, excluding custom ports. If 'type' is `application` or `applicationCategory`, then 'value' must be an application category or application ID (for a list of IDs for your network, use the trafficShaping/applicationCategories endpoint).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_appliance_traffic_shaping_rules.example "<network_id>"
```
