---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_appliance_ssids Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Appliance SSID configuration.
---

# meraki_appliance_ssids (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Appliance SSID` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_appliance_ssids" "example" {
  network_id      = "L_123456"
  organization_id = "123456"
  items = [{
    number              = "1"
    auth_mode           = "8021x-radius"
    enabled             = true
    name                = "My SSID"
    visible             = true
    wpa_encryption_mode = "WPA2 only"
    radius_servers = [
      {
        host   = "0.0.0.0"
        port   = 1000
        secret = "secret"
      }
    ]
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `items` (Attributes Set) The list of items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `organization_id` (String) The organization ID

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `number` (String) Wireless SSID number

Optional:

- `auth_mode` (String) The association control method for the SSID (`open`, `psk`, `8021x-meraki` or `8021x-radius`).
  - Choices: `8021x-meraki`, `8021x-radius`, `open`, `psk`
- `default_vlan_id` (Number) The VLAN ID of the VLAN associated to this SSID. This parameter is only valid if the network is in routed mode.
- `dhcp_enforced_deauthentication_enabled` (Boolean) Enable DCHP Enforced Deauthentication on the SSID.
- `dot11w_enabled` (Boolean) Whether 802.11w is enabled or not.
- `dot11w_required` (Boolean) (Optional) Whether 802.11w is required or not.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the SSID is enabled.
- `encryption_mode` (String) The psk encryption mode for the SSID (`wep` or `wpa`). This param is only valid if the authMode is `psk`.
  - Choices: `wep`, `wpa`
- `name` (String) The name of the SSID.
- `psk` (String) The passkey for the SSID. This param is only valid if the authMode is `psk`.
- `radius_servers` (Attributes List) The RADIUS 802.1x servers to be used for authentication. This param is only valid if the authMode is `8021x-radius`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--radius_servers))
- `visible` (Boolean) Boolean indicating whether the MX should advertise or hide this SSID.
- `wpa_encryption_mode` (String) The types of WPA encryption. (`WPA1 and WPA2`, `WPA2 only`, `WPA3 Transition Mode` or `WPA3 only`). This param is only valid if (1) the authMode is `psk` & the encryptionMode is `wpa` OR (2) the authMode is `8021x-meraki` OR (3) the authMode is `8021x-radius`
  - Choices: `WPA1 and WPA2`, `WPA2 only`, `WPA3 Transition Mode`, `WPA3 only`

<a id="nestedatt--items--radius_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.radius_servers`

Optional:

- `host` (String) The IP address of your RADIUS server.
- `port` (Number) The UDP port your RADIUS servers listens on for Access-requests.
- `secret` (String) The RADIUS client shared secret.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_appliance_ssids.example "<organization_id>,<network_id>"
```
