---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_appliance_vlans Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Appliances"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Appliance VLAN configuration in bulk.
  This bulk resource uses the following attributes to uniquely identify each object. Changing any of these attributes will cause the object to be deleted and recreated.
  vlan_id
---

# meraki_appliance_vlans (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Appliance VLAN` configuration in bulk.

This bulk resource uses the following attributes to uniquely identify each object. Changing any of these attributes will cause the object to be deleted and recreated.

- `vlan_id`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_appliance_vlans" "example" {
  network_id      = "L_123456"
  organization_id = "123456"
  items = [{
    appliance_ip              = "192.168.1.2"
    dhcp_boot_options_enabled = false
    dhcp_handling             = "Run a DHCP server"
    dhcp_lease_time           = "1 day"
    dns_nameservers           = "upstream_dns"
    vlan_id                   = "1234"
    name                      = "My VLAN"
    subnet                    = "192.168.1.0/24"
    ipv6_enabled              = true
    mandatory_dhcp_enabled    = true
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `items` (Attributes Set) The list of items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `organization_id` (String) The organization ID

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the new VLAN
- `vlan_id` (String) The VLAN ID of the new VLAN (must be between 1 and 4094)

Optional:

- `appliance_ip` (String) The local IP of the appliance on the VLAN
- `cidr` (String) CIDR of the pool of subnets. Applicable only for template network. Each network bound to the template will automatically pick a subnet from this pool to build its own VLAN.
- `dhcp_boot_filename` (String) DHCP boot option for boot filename
- `dhcp_boot_next_server` (String) DHCP boot option to direct boot clients to the server to load the boot file from
- `dhcp_boot_options_enabled` (Boolean) Use DHCP boot options specified in other properties
- `dhcp_handling` (String) The appliance`s handling of DHCP requests on this VLAN. One of: `Run a DHCP server`, `Relay DHCP to another server` or `Do not respond to DHCP requests`
  - Choices: `Do not respond to DHCP requests`, `Relay DHCP to another server`, `Run a DHCP server`
- `dhcp_lease_time` (String) The term of DHCP leases if the appliance is running a DHCP server on this VLAN. One of: `30 minutes`, `1 hour`, `4 hours`, `12 hours`, `1 day` or `1 week`
  - Choices: `1 day`, `1 hour`, `1 week`, `12 hours`, `30 minutes`, `4 hours`
- `dhcp_options` (Attributes List) The list of DHCP options that will be included in DHCP responses. Each object in the list should have 'code', 'type', and 'value' properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--dhcp_options))
- `dhcp_relay_server_ips` (List of String) The IPs of the DHCP servers that DHCP requests should be relayed to
- `dns_nameservers` (String) The DNS nameservers used for DHCP responses, either 'upstream_dns', 'google_dns', 'opendns', or a newline seperated string of IP addresses or domain names
- `fixed_ip_assignments` (Attributes Map) The DHCP fixed IP assignments on the VLAN. Thekey of this map is a MAC address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--fixed_ip_assignments))
- `group_policy_id` (String) The id of the desired group policy to apply to the VLAN
- `ipv6_enabled` (Boolean) Enable IPv6 on VLAN.
- `ipv6_prefix_assignments` (Attributes List) Prefix assignments on the VLAN (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ipv6_prefix_assignments))
- `mandatory_dhcp_enabled` (Boolean) Enable Mandatory DHCP on VLAN.
- `mask` (Number) Mask used for the subnet of all bound to the template networks. Applicable only for template network.
- `reserved_ip_ranges` (Attributes List) The DHCP reserved IP ranges on the VLAN (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--reserved_ip_ranges))
- `subnet` (String) The subnet of the VLAN
- `template_vlan_type` (String) Type of subnetting of the VLAN. Applicable only for template network.
  - Choices: `same`, `unique`
- `vpn_nat_subnet` (String) The translated VPN subnet if VPN and VPN subnet translation are enabled on the VLAN

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of the item

<a id="nestedatt--items--dhcp_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.dhcp_options`

Required:

- `code` (String) The code for the DHCP option. This should be an integer between 2 and 254.
- `type` (String) The type for the DHCP option. One of: `text`, `ip`, `hex` or `integer`
  - Choices: `hex`, `integer`, `ip`, `text`
- `value` (String) The value for the DHCP option


<a id="nestedatt--items--fixed_ip_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.fixed_ip_assignments`

Required:

- `ip` (String) The IP address to assign to the client
- `name` (String) The name of the client


<a id="nestedatt--items--ipv6_prefix_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ipv6_prefix_assignments`

Required:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Disable this assignment

Optional:

- `autonomous` (Boolean) Auto assign a /64 prefix from the origin to the VLAN
- `origin_interfaces` (List of String) Interfaces associated with the prefix
- `origin_type` (String) Type of the origin
  - Choices: `independent`, `internet`
- `static_appliance_ip6` (String) Manual configuration of the IPv6 Appliance IP
- `static_prefix` (String) Manual configuration of a /64 prefix on the VLAN


<a id="nestedatt--items--reserved_ip_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.reserved_ip_ranges`

Required:

- `comment` (String) A text comment for the reserved range
- `end` (String) The last IP in the reserved range
- `start` (String) The first IP in the reserved range

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_appliance_vlans.example "<organization_id>,<network_id>"
```
