---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_appliance_uplinks_settings Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Appliances"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Appliance Uplinks Settings configuration.
---

# meraki_appliance_uplinks_settings (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Appliance Uplinks Settings` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_appliance_uplinks_settings" "example" {
  serial                                        = "1234-ABCD-1234"
  interfaces_wan1_enabled                       = true
  interfaces_wan1_pppoe_enabled                 = true
  interfaces_wan1_pppoe_authentication_enabled  = true
  interfaces_wan1_pppoe_authentication_password = "password"
  interfaces_wan1_pppoe_authentication_username = "username"
  interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv4_address             = "9.10.11.10"
  interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv4_assignment_mode     = "static"
  interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv6_address             = "2001:2:3::4"
  interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv6_assignment_mode     = "static"
  interfaces_wan1_vlan_tagging_enabled          = true
  interfaces_wan1_vlan_tagging_vlan_id          = 1
  interfaces_wan2_enabled                       = true
  interfaces_wan2_pppoe_enabled                 = true
  interfaces_wan2_pppoe_authentication_enabled  = true
  interfaces_wan2_pppoe_authentication_password = "password"
  interfaces_wan2_pppoe_authentication_username = "username"
  interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv4_address             = "9.10.11.10"
  interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv4_assignment_mode     = "static"
  interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv6_address             = "2001:2:3::4"
  interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv6_assignment_mode     = "static"
  interfaces_wan2_vlan_tagging_enabled          = true
  interfaces_wan2_vlan_tagging_vlan_id          = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `serial` (String) Device serial

### Optional

- `interfaces_wan1_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the interface.
- `interfaces_wan1_pppoe_authentication_enabled` (Boolean) Whether PPPoE authentication is enabled.
- `interfaces_wan1_pppoe_authentication_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for PPPoE authentication. This parameter is not returned.
- `interfaces_wan1_pppoe_authentication_username` (String) Username for PPPoE authentication.
- `interfaces_wan1_pppoe_enabled` (Boolean) Whether PPPoE is enabled.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv4_address` (String) IP address and subnet mask when in static mode.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv4_assignment_mode` (String) The assignment mode for this SVI. Applies only when PPPoE is disabled.
  - Choices: `dynamic`, `static`
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv4_gateway` (String) Gateway IP address when in static mode.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv4_nameservers_addresses` (List of String) Up to 2 nameserver addresses to use, ordered in priority from highest to lowest priority.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv6_address` (String) Static address that will override the one(s) received by SLAAC.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv6_assignment_mode` (String) The assignment mode for this SVI. Applies only when PPPoE is disabled.
  - Choices: `dynamic`, `static`
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv6_gateway` (String) Static gateway that will override the one received by autoconf.
- `interfaces_wan1_svis_ipv6_nameservers_addresses` (List of String) Up to 2 nameserver addresses to use, ordered in priority from highest to lowest priority.
- `interfaces_wan1_vlan_tagging_enabled` (Boolean) Whether VLAN tagging is enabled.
- `interfaces_wan1_vlan_tagging_vlan_id` (Number) The ID of the VLAN to use for VLAN tagging.
- `interfaces_wan2_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the interface.
- `interfaces_wan2_pppoe_authentication_enabled` (Boolean) Whether PPPoE authentication is enabled.
- `interfaces_wan2_pppoe_authentication_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for PPPoE authentication. This parameter is not returned.
- `interfaces_wan2_pppoe_authentication_username` (String) Username for PPPoE authentication.
- `interfaces_wan2_pppoe_enabled` (Boolean) Whether PPPoE is enabled.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv4_address` (String) IP address and subnet mask when in static mode.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv4_assignment_mode` (String) The assignment mode for this SVI. Applies only when PPPoE is disabled.
  - Choices: `dynamic`, `static`
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv4_gateway` (String) Gateway IP address when in static mode.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv4_nameservers_addresses` (List of String) Up to 2 nameserver addresses to use, ordered in priority from highest to lowest priority.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv6_address` (String) Static address that will override the one(s) received by SLAAC.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv6_assignment_mode` (String) The assignment mode for this SVI. Applies only when PPPoE is disabled.
  - Choices: `dynamic`, `static`
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv6_gateway` (String) Static gateway that will override the one received by autoconf.
- `interfaces_wan2_svis_ipv6_nameservers_addresses` (List of String) Up to 2 nameserver addresses to use, ordered in priority from highest to lowest priority.
- `interfaces_wan2_vlan_tagging_enabled` (Boolean) Whether VLAN tagging is enabled.
- `interfaces_wan2_vlan_tagging_vlan_id` (Number) The ID of the VLAN to use for VLAN tagging.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = meraki_appliance_uplinks_settings.example
  identity = {
    "serial" : "<serial>"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `serial` (String) Device serial

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = meraki_appliance_uplinks_settings.example
  id = "<serial>"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_appliance_uplinks_settings.example "<serial>"
```
