---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_appliance_vlan Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Appliances"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Appliance VLAN configuration.
---

# meraki_appliance_vlan (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Appliance VLAN` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_appliance_vlan" "example" {
  network_id                = "L_123456"
  appliance_ip              = "192.168.1.2"
  dhcp_boot_options_enabled = false
  dhcp_handling             = "Run a DHCP server"
  dhcp_lease_time           = "1 day"
  dns_nameservers           = "upstream_dns"
  vlan_id                   = "1234"
  name                      = "My VLAN"
  subnet                    = "192.168.1.0/24"
  ipv6_enabled              = true
  ipv6_prefix_assignments = [
    {
      autonomous           = false
      disabled             = false
      static_appliance_ip6 = "2001:321:3c4d:15::1"
      static_prefix        = "2001:321:3c4d:15::/64"
      origin_type          = "internet"
      origin_interfaces    = ["wan1"]
    }
  ]
  mandatory_dhcp_enabled = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the new VLAN
- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `vlan_id` (String) The VLAN ID of the new VLAN (must be between 1 and 4094)

### Optional

- `appliance_ip` (String) The local IP of the appliance on the VLAN
- `cidr` (String) CIDR of the pool of subnets. Applicable only for template network. Each network bound to the template will automatically pick a subnet from this pool to build its own VLAN.
- `dhcp_boot_filename` (String) DHCP boot option for boot filename
- `dhcp_boot_next_server` (String) DHCP boot option to direct boot clients to the server to load the boot file from
- `dhcp_boot_options_enabled` (Boolean) Use DHCP boot options specified in other properties
- `dhcp_handling` (String) The appliance`s handling of DHCP requests on this VLAN. One of: `Run a DHCP server`, `Relay DHCP to another server` or `Do not respond to DHCP requests`
  - Choices: `Do not respond to DHCP requests`, `Relay DHCP to another server`, `Run a DHCP server`
- `dhcp_lease_time` (String) The term of DHCP leases if the appliance is running a DHCP server on this VLAN. One of: `30 minutes`, `1 hour`, `4 hours`, `12 hours`, `1 day` or `1 week`
  - Choices: `1 day`, `1 hour`, `1 week`, `12 hours`, `30 minutes`, `4 hours`
- `dhcp_options` (Attributes List) The list of DHCP options that will be included in DHCP responses. Each object in the list should have 'code', 'type', and 'value' properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dhcp_options))
- `dhcp_relay_server_ips` (List of String) The IPs of the DHCP servers that DHCP requests should be relayed to
- `dns_nameservers` (String) The DNS nameservers used for DHCP responses, either 'upstream_dns', 'google_dns', 'opendns', or a newline seperated string of IP addresses or domain names
- `fixed_ip_assignments` (Attributes Map) The DHCP fixed IP assignments on the VLAN. Thekey of this map is a MAC address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fixed_ip_assignments))
- `group_policy_id` (String) The id of the desired group policy to apply to the VLAN
- `ipv6_enabled` (Boolean) Enable IPv6 on VLAN.
- `ipv6_prefix_assignments` (Attributes List) Prefix assignments on the VLAN (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv6_prefix_assignments))
- `mandatory_dhcp_enabled` (Boolean) Enable Mandatory DHCP on VLAN.
- `mask` (Number) Mask used for the subnet of all bound to the template networks. Applicable only for template network.
- `reserved_ip_ranges` (Attributes List) The DHCP reserved IP ranges on the VLAN (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reserved_ip_ranges))
- `subnet` (String) The subnet of the VLAN
- `template_vlan_type` (String) Type of subnetting of the VLAN. Applicable only for template network.
  - Choices: `same`, `unique`
- `vpn_nat_subnet` (String) The translated VPN subnet if VPN and VPN subnet translation are enabled on the VLAN

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--dhcp_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dhcp_options`

Required:

- `code` (String) The code for the DHCP option. This should be an integer between 2 and 254.
- `type` (String) The type for the DHCP option. One of: `text`, `ip`, `hex` or `integer`
  - Choices: `hex`, `integer`, `ip`, `text`
- `value` (String) The value for the DHCP option


<a id="nestedatt--fixed_ip_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fixed_ip_assignments`

Required:

- `ip` (String) The IP address to assign to the client
- `name` (String) The name of the client


<a id="nestedatt--ipv6_prefix_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv6_prefix_assignments`

Required:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Disable this assignment

Optional:

- `autonomous` (Boolean) Auto assign a /64 prefix from the origin to the VLAN
- `origin_interfaces` (List of String) Interfaces associated with the prefix
- `origin_type` (String) Type of the origin
  - Choices: `independent`, `internet`
- `static_appliance_ip6` (String) Manual configuration of the IPv6 Appliance IP
- `static_prefix` (String) Manual configuration of a /64 prefix on the VLAN


<a id="nestedatt--reserved_ip_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reserved_ip_ranges`

Required:

- `comment` (String) A text comment for the reserved range
- `end` (String) The last IP in the reserved range
- `start` (String) The first IP in the reserved range

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_appliance_vlan.example "<network_id>,<id>"
```
