---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_appliance_site_to_site_vpn Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Appliances"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Appliance Site to Site VPN configuration.
---

# meraki_appliance_site_to_site_vpn (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Appliance Site to Site VPN` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_appliance_site_to_site_vpn" "example" {
  network_id = "L_123456"
  mode       = "hub"
  subnets = [
    {
      local_subnet = "192.168.128.0/24"
      use_vpn      = true
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mode` (String) The site-to-site VPN mode. Can be one of `none`, `spoke` or `hub`
  - Choices: `hub`, `none`, `spoke`
- `network_id` (String) Network ID

### Optional

- `hubs` (Attributes List) The list of VPN hubs, in order of preference. In spoke mode, at least 1 hub is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hubs))
- `subnet_nat_is_allowed` (Boolean) If enabled, VPN subnet translation can be used to translate any local subnets that are allowed to use the VPN into a new subnet with the same number of addresses.
- `subnets` (Attributes List) The list of subnets and their VPN presence. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subnets))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--hubs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hubs`

Required:

- `hub_id` (String) The network ID of the hub.

Optional:

- `use_default_route` (Boolean) Only valid in `spoke` mode. Indicates whether default route traffic should be sent to this hub.


<a id="nestedatt--subnets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subnets`

Required:

- `local_subnet` (String) The CIDR notation subnet used within the VPN

Optional:

- `nat_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not VPN subnet translation is enabled for the subnet
- `nat_remote_subnet` (String) The translated subnet to be used in the VPN
- `use_vpn` (Boolean) Indicates the presence of the subnet in the VPN

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_appliance_site_to_site_vpn.example "<network_id>"
```
