---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_camera_quality_retention Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Cameras"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Camera Quality Retention configuration.
---

# meraki_camera_quality_retention (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Camera Quality Retention` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_camera_quality_retention" "example" {
  serial                            = "1234-ABCD-1234"
  audio_recording_enabled           = false
  motion_based_retention_enabled    = false
  motion_detector_version           = 2
  quality                           = "Standard"
  resolution                        = "1280x720"
  restricted_bandwidth_mode_enabled = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `serial` (String) Device serial

### Optional

- `audio_recording_enabled` (Boolean) Boolean indicating if audio recording is enabled(true) or disabled(false) on the camera
- `motion_based_retention_enabled` (Boolean) Boolean indicating if motion-based retention is enabled(true) or disabled(false) on the camera.
- `motion_detector_version` (Number) The version of the motion detector that will be used by the camera. Only applies to Gen 2 cameras. Defaults to v2.
- `profile_id` (String) The ID of a quality and retention profile to assign to the camera. The profile`s settings will override all of the per-camera quality and retention settings. If the value of this parameter is null, any existing profile will be unassigned from the camera.
- `quality` (String) Quality of the camera. Can be one of `Standard`, `High` or `Enhanced`. Not all qualities are supported by every camera model.
  - Choices: `Enhanced`, `High`, `Standard`
- `resolution` (String) Resolution of the camera. Can be one of `1280x720`, `1920x1080`, `1080x1080`, `2112x2112`, `2880x2880`, `2688x1512` or `3840x2160`.Not all resolutions are supported by every camera model.
  - Choices: `1080x1080`, `1280x720`, `1920x1080`, `2112x2112`, `2688x1512`, `2880x2880`, `3840x2160`
- `restricted_bandwidth_mode_enabled` (Boolean) Boolean indicating if restricted bandwidth is enabled(true) or disabled(false) on the camera. This setting does not apply to MV2 cameras.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_camera_quality_retention.example "<serial>"
```
