---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_devices Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Device configuration in bulk.
  This bulk resource uses the following attributes to uniquely identify each object. Changing any of these attributes will cause the object to be deleted and recreated.
  serial
---

# meraki_devices (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Device` configuration in bulk.

This bulk resource uses the following attributes to uniquely identify each object. Changing any of these attributes will cause the object to be deleted and recreated.

- `serial`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_devices" "example" {
  organization_id = "123456"
  items = [{
    serial  = "1234-ABCD-1234"
    address = "1600 Pennsylvania Ave"
    lat     = 37.4180951010362
    lng     = -122.098531723022
    name    = "My AP"
    notes   = "My AP's note"
    tags    = ["recently-added"]
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `items` (Attributes Set) The list of items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `organization_id` (String) The organization ID

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `serial` (String) Switch serial

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address of a device
- `floor_plan_id` (String) The floor plan to associate to this device. null disassociates the device from the floorplan.
- `lat` (Number) The latitude of a device
- `lng` (Number) The longitude of a device
- `move_map_marker` (Boolean) Whether or not to set the latitude and longitude of a device based on the new address. Only applies when lat and lng are not specified.
- `name` (String) The name of a device
- `notes` (String) The notes for the device. String. Limited to 255 characters.
- `switch_profile_id` (String) The ID of a switch template to bind to the device (for available switch templates, see the `Switch Templates` endpoint). Use null to unbind the switch device from the current profile. For a device to be bindable to a switch template, it must (1) be a switch, and (2) belong to a network that is bound to a configuration template.
- `tags` (Set of String) The list of tags of a device

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_devices.example "<organization_id>"
```
