---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_device_management_interface Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Device Management Interface configuration.
---

# meraki_device_management_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Device Management Interface` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_device_management_interface" "example" {
  serial                  = "1234-1234-1234"
  wan1_static_gateway_ip  = "1.2.3.1"
  wan1_static_ip          = "1.2.3.4"
  wan1_static_subnet_mask = "255.255.255.0"
  wan1_using_static_ip    = true
  wan1_vlan               = 7
  wan1_static_dns         = ["1.2.3.2"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `serial` (String) Device serial

### Optional

- `wan1_static_dns` (List of String) Up to two DNS IPs.
- `wan1_static_gateway_ip` (String) The IP of the gateway on the WAN.
- `wan1_static_ip` (String) The IP the device should use on the WAN.
- `wan1_static_subnet_mask` (String) The subnet mask for the WAN.
- `wan1_using_static_ip` (Boolean) Configure the interface to have static IP settings or use DHCP.
- `wan1_vlan` (Number) The VLAN that management traffic should be tagged with. Applies whether usingStaticIp is true or false.
- `wan1_wan_enabled` (String) Enable or disable the interface (only for MX devices). Valid values are `enabled`, `disabled`, and `not configured`.
  - Choices: `disabled`, `enabled`, `not configured`
- `wan2_static_dns` (List of String) Up to two DNS IPs.
- `wan2_static_gateway_ip` (String) The IP of the gateway on the WAN.
- `wan2_static_ip` (String) The IP the device should use on the WAN.
- `wan2_static_subnet_mask` (String) The subnet mask for the WAN.
- `wan2_using_static_ip` (Boolean) Configure the interface to have static IP settings or use DHCP.
- `wan2_vlan` (Number) The VLAN that management traffic should be tagged with. Applies whether usingStaticIp is true or false.
- `wan2_wan_enabled` (String) Enable or disable the interface (only for MX devices). Valid values are `enabled`, `disabled`, and `not configured`.
  - Choices: `disabled`, `enabled`, `not configured`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_device_management_interface.example "<serial>"
```
