---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_network_group_policy Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Networks"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Network Group Policy configuration.
---

# meraki_network_group_policy (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Network Group Policy` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_network_group_policy" "example" {
  network_id                  = "L_123456"
  name                        = "No video streaming"
  splash_auth_settings        = "bypass"
  bandwidth_settings          = "custom"
  bandwidth_limit_down        = 1000000
  bandwidth_limit_up          = 1000000
  bonjour_forwarding_settings = "custom"
  bonjour_forwarding_rules = [
    {
      description = "A simple bonjour rule"
      vlan_id     = "1"
      services    = ["All Services"]
    }
  ]
  firewall_and_traffic_shaping_settings = "custom"
  l3_firewall_rules = [
    {
      comment   = "Allow TCP traffic to subnet with HTTP servers."
      dest_cidr = "192.168.1.0/24"
      dest_port = "443"
      policy    = "allow"
      protocol  = "tcp"
    }
  ]
  l7_firewall_rules = [
    {
      policy = "deny"
      type   = "host"
      value  = "google.com"
    }
  ]
  traffic_shaping_rules = [
    {
      dscp_tag_value                                          = 0
      pcp_tag_value                                           = 0
      priority                                                = "normal"
      per_client_bandwidth_limits_settings                    = "custom"
      per_client_bandwidth_limits_bandwidth_limits_limit_down = 1000000
      per_client_bandwidth_limits_bandwidth_limits_limit_up   = 1000000
      definitions = [
        {
          type  = "host"
          value = "google.com"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
  scheduling_enabled          = true
  scheduling_friday_active    = true
  scheduling_friday_from      = "09:00"
  scheduling_friday_to        = "17:00"
  scheduling_monday_active    = true
  scheduling_monday_from      = "09:00"
  scheduling_monday_to        = "17:00"
  scheduling_saturday_active  = true
  scheduling_saturday_from    = "09:00"
  scheduling_saturday_to      = "17:00"
  scheduling_sunday_active    = true
  scheduling_sunday_from      = "09:00"
  scheduling_sunday_to        = "17:00"
  scheduling_thursday_active  = true
  scheduling_thursday_from    = "09:00"
  scheduling_thursday_to      = "17:00"
  scheduling_tuesday_active   = true
  scheduling_tuesday_from     = "09:00"
  scheduling_tuesday_to       = "17:00"
  scheduling_wednesday_active = true
  scheduling_wednesday_from   = "09:00"
  scheduling_wednesday_to     = "17:00"
  vlan_tagging_settings       = "custom"
  vlan_tagging_vlan_id        = "1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name for your group policy. Required.
- `network_id` (String) Network ID

### Optional

- `bandwidth_limit_down` (Number) The maximum download limit (integer, in Kbps). null indicates no limit
- `bandwidth_limit_up` (Number) The maximum upload limit (integer, in Kbps). null indicates no limit
- `bandwidth_settings` (String) How bandwidth limits are enforced. Can be `network default`, `ignore` or `custom`.
  - Choices: `custom`, `ignore`, `network default`
- `bonjour_forwarding_rules` (Attributes List) A list of the Bonjour forwarding rules for your group policy. If `settings` is set to `custom`, at least one rule must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bonjour_forwarding_rules))
- `bonjour_forwarding_settings` (String) How Bonjour rules are applied. Can be `network default`, `ignore` or `custom`.
  - Choices: `custom`, `ignore`, `network default`
- `content_filtering_allowed_url_patterns` (List of String) A list of URL patterns that are allowed
- `content_filtering_allowed_url_patterns_settings` (String) How URL patterns are applied. Can be `network default`, `append` or `override`.
  - Choices: `append`, `network default`, `override`
- `content_filtering_blocked_url_categories` (List of String) A list of URL categories to block
- `content_filtering_blocked_url_categories_settings` (String) How URL categories are applied. Can be `network default`, `append` or `override`.
  - Choices: `append`, `network default`, `override`
- `content_filtering_blocked_url_patterns` (List of String) A list of URL patterns that are blocked
- `content_filtering_blocked_url_patterns_settings` (String) How URL patterns are applied. Can be `network default`, `append` or `override`.
  - Choices: `append`, `network default`, `override`
- `firewall_and_traffic_shaping_settings` (String) How firewall and traffic shaping rules are enforced. Can be `network default`, `ignore` or `custom`.
  - Choices: `custom`, `ignore`, `network default`
- `l3_firewall_rules` (Attributes List) An ordered array of the L3 firewall rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--l3_firewall_rules))
- `l7_firewall_rules` (Attributes List) An ordered array of L7 firewall rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--l7_firewall_rules))
- `scheduling_enabled` (Boolean) Whether scheduling is enabled (true) or disabled (false). Defaults to false. If true, the schedule objects for each day of the week (monday - sunday) are parsed.
- `scheduling_friday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `scheduling_friday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `scheduling_friday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `scheduling_monday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `scheduling_monday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `scheduling_monday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `scheduling_saturday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `scheduling_saturday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `scheduling_saturday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `scheduling_sunday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `scheduling_sunday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `scheduling_sunday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `scheduling_thursday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `scheduling_thursday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `scheduling_thursday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `scheduling_tuesday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `scheduling_tuesday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `scheduling_tuesday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `scheduling_wednesday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `scheduling_wednesday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `scheduling_wednesday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `splash_auth_settings` (String) Whether clients bound to your policy will bypass splash authorization or behave according to the network`s rules. Can be one of `network default` or `bypass`. Only available if your network has a wireless configuration.
  - Choices: `bypass`, `network default`
- `traffic_shaping_rules` (Attributes List) An array of traffic shaping rules. Rules are applied in the order that they are specified in. An empty list (or null) means no rules. Note that you are allowed a maximum of 8 rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--traffic_shaping_rules))
- `vlan_tagging_settings` (String) How VLAN tagging is applied. Can be `network default`, `ignore` or `custom`.
  - Choices: `custom`, `ignore`, `network default`
- `vlan_tagging_vlan_id` (String) The ID of the vlan you want to tag. This only applies if `settings` is set to `custom`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--bonjour_forwarding_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bonjour_forwarding_rules`

Required:

- `services` (List of String) A list of Bonjour services. At least one service must be specified. Available services are `All Services`, `AirPlay`, `AFP`, `BitTorrent`, `FTP`, `iChat`, `iTunes`, `Printers`, `Samba`, `Scanners` and `SSH`
- `vlan_id` (String) The ID of the service VLAN. Required.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description for your Bonjour forwarding rule. Optional.


<a id="nestedatt--l3_firewall_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `l3_firewall_rules`

Required:

- `dest_cidr` (String) Destination IP address (in IP or CIDR notation), a fully-qualified domain name (FQDN, if your network supports it) or `any`.
- `policy` (String) `allow` or `deny` traffic specified by this rule
- `protocol` (String) The type of protocol (must be `tcp`, `udp`, `icmp`, `icmp6` or `any`)

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Description of the rule (optional)
- `dest_port` (String) Destination port (integer in the range 1-65535), a port range (e.g. 8080-9090), or `any`


<a id="nestedatt--l7_firewall_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `l7_firewall_rules`

Optional:

- `policy` (String) The policy applied to matching traffic. Must be `deny`.
  - Choices: `deny`
- `type` (String) Type of the L7 Rule. Must be `application`, `applicationCategory`, `host`, `port` or `ipRange`
  - Choices: `application`, `applicationCategory`, `host`, `ipRange`, `port`
- `value` (String) The `value` of what you want to block. If `type` is `host`, `port` or `ipRange`, `value` must be a string matching either a hostname (e.g. somewhere.com), a port (e.g. 8080), or an IP range (e.g. 192.1.0.0/16). If `type` is `application` or `applicationCategory`, then `value` must be an object with an ID for the application.


<a id="nestedatt--traffic_shaping_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `traffic_shaping_rules`

Required:

- `definitions` (Attributes List) A list of objects describing the definitions of your traffic shaping rule. At least one definition is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--traffic_shaping_rules--definitions))

Optional:

- `dscp_tag_value` (Number) The DSCP tag applied by your rule. null means `Do not change DSCP tag`. For a list of possible tag values, use the trafficShaping/dscpTaggingOptions endpoint.
- `pcp_tag_value` (Number) The PCP tag applied by your rule. Can be 0 (lowest priority) through 7 (highest priority). null means `Do not set PCP tag`.
- `per_client_bandwidth_limits_bandwidth_limits_limit_down` (Number) The maximum download limit (integer, in Kbps).
- `per_client_bandwidth_limits_bandwidth_limits_limit_up` (Number) The maximum upload limit (integer, in Kbps).
- `per_client_bandwidth_limits_settings` (String) How bandwidth limits are applied by your rule. Can be one of `network default`, `ignore` or `custom`.
- `priority` (String) A string, indicating the priority level for packets bound to your rule. Can be `low`, `normal` or `high`.

<a id="nestedatt--traffic_shaping_rules--definitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `traffic_shaping_rules.definitions`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of definition. Can be one of `application`, `applicationCategory`, `host`, `port`, `ipRange` or `localNet`.
  - Choices: `application`, `applicationCategory`, `host`, `ipRange`, `localNet`, `port`
- `value` (String) If 'type' is `host`, `port`, `ipRange` or `localNet`, then 'value' must be a string, matching either a hostname (e.g. 'somesite.com'), a port (e.g. 8080), or an IP range ('192.1.0.0', '192.1.0.0/16', or '10.1.0.0/16:80'). `localNet` also supports CIDR notation, excluding custom ports. If 'type' is `application` or `applicationCategory`, then 'value' must be an object with the structure { 'id': 'meraki:layer7/...' }, where 'id' is the application category or application ID (for a list of IDs for your network, use the trafficShaping/applicationCategories endpoint).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_network_group_policy.example "<network_id>,<id>"
```
