---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organization_alerts_profile Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Organizations"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Organization Alerts Profile configuration.
---

# meraki_organization_alerts_profile (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Organization Alerts Profile` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_organization_alerts_profile" "example" {
  organization_id              = "123456"
  description                  = "WAN 1 high utilization"
  type                         = "wanUtilization"
  alert_condition_bit_rate_bps = 10000
  alert_condition_duration     = 60
  alert_condition_interface    = "wan1"
  alert_condition_window       = 600
  recipients_emails            = ["admin@example.org"]
  network_tags                 = ["tag1"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_tags` (Set of String) Networks with these tags will be monitored for the alert
- `organization_id` (String) Organization ID
- `type` (String) The alert type
  - Choices: `appOutage`, `voipJitter`, `voipMos`, `voipPacketLoss`, `wanLatency`, `wanPacketLoss`, `wanStatus`, `wanUtilization`

### Optional

- `alert_condition_bit_rate_bps` (Number) The threshold the metric must cross to be valid for alerting. Used only for WAN Utilization alerts.
- `alert_condition_duration` (Number) The total duration in seconds that the threshold should be crossed before alerting
- `alert_condition_interface` (String) The uplink observed for the alert. interface must be one of the following: wan1, wan2, wan3, cellular
  - Choices: `cellular`, `wan1`, `wan2`, `wan3`
- `alert_condition_jitter_ms` (Number) The threshold the metric must cross to be valid for alerting. Used only for VoIP Jitter alerts.
- `alert_condition_latency_ms` (Number) The threshold the metric must cross to be valid for alerting. Used only for WAN Latency alerts.
- `alert_condition_loss_ratio` (Number) The threshold the metric must cross to be valid for alerting. Used only for Packet Loss alerts.
- `alert_condition_mos` (Number) The threshold the metric must drop below to be valid for alerting. Used only for VoIP MOS alerts.
- `alert_condition_window` (Number) The look back period in seconds for sensing the alert
- `description` (String) User supplied description of the alert
- `recipients_emails` (Set of String) A list of emails that will receive information about the alert
- `recipients_http_server_ids` (Set of String) A list base64 encoded urls of webhook endpoints that will receive information about the alert

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_organization_alerts_profile.example "<organization_id>,<id>"
```
