---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_sensor_alerts_profiles Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Sensors"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Sensor Alerts Profile configuration in bulk.
  This bulk resource uses the following attributes to uniquely identify each object. Changing any of these attributes will cause the object to be deleted and recreated.
  name
---

# meraki_sensor_alerts_profiles (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Sensor Alerts Profile` configuration in bulk.

This bulk resource uses the following attributes to uniquely identify each object. Changing any of these attributes will cause the object to be deleted and recreated.

- `name`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_sensor_alerts_profiles" "example" {
  network_id      = "L_123456"
  organization_id = "123456"
  items = [{
    include_sensor_url = true
    message            = "Check with Miles on what to do."
    name               = "My Sensor Alert Profile"
    conditions = [
      {
        direction                     = "above"
        duration                      = 60
        metric                        = "temperature"
        threshold_temperature_celsius = 20.5
      }
    ]
    serials = ["Q234-ABCD-0001"]
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `items` (Attributes Set) The list of items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `organization_id` (String) The organization ID

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) List of conditions that will cause the profile to send an alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--conditions))
- `name` (String) Name of the sensor alert profile.

Optional:

- `include_sensor_url` (Boolean) Include dashboard link to sensor in messages (default: true).
- `message` (String) A custom message that will appear in email and text message alerts.
- `recipients_emails` (List of String) A list of emails that will receive information about the alert.
- `recipients_http_server_ids` (List of String) A list of webhook endpoint IDs that will receive information about the alert.
- `recipients_sms_numbers` (List of String) A list of SMS numbers that will receive information about the alert.
- `schedule_id` (String) ID of the sensor schedule to use with the alert profile. If not defined, the alert profile will be active at all times.
- `serials` (List of String) List of device serials assigned to this sensor alert profile.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of the item

<a id="nestedatt--items--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.conditions`

Required:

- `direction` (String) If `above`, an alert will be sent when a sensor reads above the threshold. If `below`, an alert will be sent when a sensor reads below the threshold. Only applicable for temperature, humidity, realPower, apparentPower, powerFactor, voltage, current, and frequency thresholds.
  - Choices: `above`, `below`
- `metric` (String) The type of sensor metric that will be monitored for changes.
  - Choices: `apparentPower`, `co2`, `current`, `door`, `frequency`, `humidity`, `indoorAirQuality`, `noise`, `pm25`, `powerFactor`, `realPower`, `temperature`, `tvoc`, `upstreamPower`, `voltage`, `water`

Optional:

- `duration` (Number) Length of time in seconds that the triggering state must persist before an alert is sent. Available options are 0 seconds, 1 minute, 2 minutes, 3 minutes, 4 minutes, 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 15 minutes, 30 minutes, 1 hour, 1 hour and 30 minutes, 2 hours, 4 hours, and 8 hours. Default is 0.
- `threshold_apparent_power_draw` (Number) Alerting threshold in volt-amps. Must be between 0 and 3750.
- `threshold_co2_concentration` (Number) Alerting threshold as CO2 parts per million.
- `threshold_co2_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative CO2 level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_current_draw` (Number) Alerting threshold in amps. Must be between 0 and 15.
- `threshold_door_open` (Boolean) Alerting threshold for a door open event. Must be set to true.
- `threshold_frequency_level` (Number) Alerting threshold in hertz. Must be between 0 and 60.
- `threshold_humidity_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative humidity level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_humidity_relative_percentage` (Number) Alerting threshold in %RH.
- `threshold_indoor_air_quality_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative indoor air quality level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_indoor_air_quality_score` (Number) Alerting threshold as indoor air quality score.
- `threshold_noise_ambient_level` (Number) Alerting threshold as adjusted decibels.
- `threshold_noise_ambient_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative ambient noise level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_pm25_concentration` (Number) Alerting threshold as PM2.5 parts per million.
- `threshold_pm25_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative PM2.5 level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_power_factor_percentage` (Number) Alerting threshold as the ratio of active power to apparent power. Must be between 0 and 100.
- `threshold_real_power_draw` (Number) Alerting threshold in watts. Must be between 0 and 3750.
- `threshold_temperature_celsius` (Number) Alerting threshold in degrees Celsius.
- `threshold_temperature_fahrenheit` (Number) Alerting threshold in degrees Fahrenheit.
- `threshold_temperature_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative temperature level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_tvoc_concentration` (Number) Alerting threshold as TVOC micrograms per cubic meter.
- `threshold_tvoc_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative TVOC level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_upstream_power_outage_detected` (Boolean) Alerting threshold for an upstream power event. Must be set to true.
- `threshold_voltage_level` (Number) Alerting threshold in volts. Must be between 0 and 250.
- `threshold_water_present` (Boolean) Alerting threshold for a water detection event. Must be set to true.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_sensor_alerts_profiles.example "<organization_id>,<network_id>"
```
