---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_sensor_alerts_profile Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Sensors"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Sensor Alerts Profile configuration.
---

# meraki_sensor_alerts_profile (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Sensor Alerts Profile` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_sensor_alerts_profile" "example" {
  network_id         = "L_123456"
  include_sensor_url = true
  message            = "Check with Miles on what to do."
  name               = "My Sensor Alert Profile"
  conditions = [
    {
      direction                     = "above"
      duration                      = 60
      metric                        = "temperature"
      threshold_temperature_celsius = 20.5
    }
  ]
  serials = ["Q234-ABCD-0001"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `conditions` (Attributes List) List of conditions that will cause the profile to send an alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions))
- `name` (String) Name of the sensor alert profile.
- `network_id` (String) Network ID

### Optional

- `include_sensor_url` (Boolean) Include dashboard link to sensor in messages (default: true).
- `message` (String) A custom message that will appear in email and text message alerts.
- `recipients_emails` (List of String) A list of emails that will receive information about the alert.
- `recipients_http_server_ids` (List of String) A list of webhook endpoint IDs that will receive information about the alert.
- `recipients_sms_numbers` (List of String) A list of SMS numbers that will receive information about the alert.
- `schedule_id` (String) ID of the sensor schedule to use with the alert profile. If not defined, the alert profile will be active at all times.
- `serials` (List of String) List of device serials assigned to this sensor alert profile.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Required:

- `direction` (String) If `above`, an alert will be sent when a sensor reads above the threshold. If `below`, an alert will be sent when a sensor reads below the threshold. Only applicable for temperature, humidity, realPower, apparentPower, powerFactor, voltage, current, and frequency thresholds.
  - Choices: `above`, `below`
- `metric` (String) The type of sensor metric that will be monitored for changes.
  - Choices: `apparentPower`, `co2`, `current`, `door`, `frequency`, `humidity`, `indoorAirQuality`, `noise`, `pm25`, `powerFactor`, `realPower`, `temperature`, `tvoc`, `upstreamPower`, `voltage`, `water`

Optional:

- `duration` (Number) Length of time in seconds that the triggering state must persist before an alert is sent. Available options are 0 seconds, 1 minute, 2 minutes, 3 minutes, 4 minutes, 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 15 minutes, 30 minutes, 1 hour, 1 hour and 30 minutes, 2 hours, 4 hours, and 8 hours. Default is 0.
- `threshold_apparent_power_draw` (Number) Alerting threshold in volt-amps. Must be between 0 and 3750.
- `threshold_co2_concentration` (Number) Alerting threshold as CO2 parts per million.
- `threshold_co2_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative CO2 level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_current_draw` (Number) Alerting threshold in amps. Must be between 0 and 15.
- `threshold_door_open` (Boolean) Alerting threshold for a door open event. Must be set to true.
- `threshold_frequency_level` (Number) Alerting threshold in hertz. Must be between 0 and 60.
- `threshold_humidity_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative humidity level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_humidity_relative_percentage` (Number) Alerting threshold in %RH.
- `threshold_indoor_air_quality_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative indoor air quality level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_indoor_air_quality_score` (Number) Alerting threshold as indoor air quality score.
- `threshold_noise_ambient_level` (Number) Alerting threshold as adjusted decibels.
- `threshold_noise_ambient_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative ambient noise level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_pm25_concentration` (Number) Alerting threshold as PM2.5 parts per million.
- `threshold_pm25_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative PM2.5 level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_power_factor_percentage` (Number) Alerting threshold as the ratio of active power to apparent power. Must be between 0 and 100.
- `threshold_real_power_draw` (Number) Alerting threshold in watts. Must be between 0 and 3750.
- `threshold_temperature_celsius` (Number) Alerting threshold in degrees Celsius.
- `threshold_temperature_fahrenheit` (Number) Alerting threshold in degrees Fahrenheit.
- `threshold_temperature_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative temperature level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_tvoc_concentration` (Number) Alerting threshold as TVOC micrograms per cubic meter.
- `threshold_tvoc_quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative TVOC level.
  - Choices: `fair`, `good`, `inadequate`, `poor`
- `threshold_upstream_power_outage_detected` (Boolean) Alerting threshold for an upstream power event. Must be set to true.
- `threshold_voltage_level` (Number) Alerting threshold in volts. Must be between 0 and 250.
- `threshold_water_present` (Boolean) Alerting threshold for a water detection event. Must be set to true.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = meraki_sensor_alerts_profile.example
  identity = {
    "network_id" : "<network_id>"
    "id" : "<id>"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `id` (String)
- `network_id` (String) Network ID

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = meraki_sensor_alerts_profile.example
  id = "<network_id>,<id>"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_sensor_alerts_profile.example "<network_id>,<id>"
```
