---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_switch_stack_routing_interface Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Switches"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Switch Stack Routing Interface configuration.
---

# meraki_switch_stack_routing_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Switch Stack Routing Interface` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_switch_stack_routing_interface" "example" {
  network_id           = "L_123456"
  switch_stack_id      = "1234"
  default_gateway      = "192.168.1.1"
  interface_ip         = "192.168.1.2"
  mode                 = "vlan"
  multicast_routing    = "disabled"
  name                 = "L3 interface"
  subnet               = "192.168.1.0/24"
  vlan_id              = 100
  ipv6_address         = "1:2:3:4::1"
  ipv6_assignment_mode = "static"
  ipv6_gateway         = "1:2:3:4::2"
  ipv6_prefix          = "1:2:3:4::/64"
  ospf_settings_area   = "ospfDisabled"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A friendly name or description for the interface or VLAN.
- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `switch_stack_id` (String) Switch stack ID
- `vlan_id` (Number) The VLAN this routed interface is on. VLAN must be between 1 and 4094.

### Optional

- `default_gateway` (String) The next hop for any traffic that isn`t going to a directly connected subnet or over a static route. This IP address must exist in a subnet with a routed interface.
- `interface_ip` (String) The IP address this switch stack will use for layer 3 routing on this VLAN or subnet. This cannot be the same as the switch`s management IP.
- `ipv6_address` (String) The IPv6 address of the interface. Required if assignmentMode is `static`. Must not be included if assignmentMode is `eui-64`.
- `ipv6_assignment_mode` (String) The IPv6 assignment mode for the interface. Can be either `eui-64` or `static`.
- `ipv6_gateway` (String) The IPv6 default gateway of the interface. Required if prefix is defined and this is the first interface with IPv6 configured for the stack.
- `ipv6_prefix` (String) The IPv6 prefix of the interface. Required if IPv6 object is included.
- `mode` (String) L3 Interface mode, can be one of `vlan`, `routed` or `loopback`. Default is `vlan`. CS 17.18 or higher is required for `routed` mode.
  - Choices: `loopback`, `routed`, `vlan`
- `multicast_routing` (String) Enable multicast support if, multicast routing between VLANs is required. Options are, `disabled`, `enabled` or `IGMP snooping querier`. Default is `disabled`.
  - Choices: `IGMP snooping querier`, `disabled`, `enabled`
- `ospf_settings_area` (String) The OSPF area to which this interface should belong. Can be either `ospfDisabled` or the identifier of an existing OSPF area. Defaults to `ospfDisabled`.
- `ospf_settings_cost` (Number) The path cost for this interface. Defaults to 1, but can be increased up to 65535 to give lower priority.
- `ospf_settings_is_passive_enabled` (Boolean) When enabled, OSPF will not run on the interface, but the subnet will still be advertised.
- `ospf_settings_network_type` (String) OSPF network type
  - Choices: `broadcast`, `point-to-point`
- `subnet` (String) The network that this routed interface is on, in CIDR notation (ex. 10.1.1.0/24).
- `switch_port_id` (String) Switch Port ID when in Routed mode (CS 17.18 or higher required)
- `vrf_name` (String) The name of the VRF this interface belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = meraki_switch_stack_routing_interface.example
  identity = {
    "network_id" : "<network_id>"
    "switch_stack_id" : "<switch_stack_id>"
    "id" : "<id>"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `id` (String)
- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `switch_stack_id` (String) Switch stack ID

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = meraki_switch_stack_routing_interface.example
  id = "<network_id>,<switch_stack_id>,<id>"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_switch_stack_routing_interface.example "<network_id>,<switch_stack_id>,<id>"
```
