---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_switch_port_schedule Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Switches"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Switch Port Schedule configuration.
---

# meraki_switch_port_schedule (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Switch Port Schedule` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_switch_port_schedule" "example" {
  network_id                     = "L_123456"
  name                           = "Weekdays schedule"
  port_schedule_friday_active    = true
  port_schedule_friday_from      = "09:00"
  port_schedule_friday_to        = "17:00"
  port_schedule_monday_active    = true
  port_schedule_monday_from      = "09:00"
  port_schedule_monday_to        = "17:00"
  port_schedule_saturday_active  = false
  port_schedule_saturday_from    = "00:00"
  port_schedule_saturday_to      = "24:00"
  port_schedule_sunday_active    = false
  port_schedule_sunday_from      = "00:00"
  port_schedule_sunday_to        = "24:00"
  port_schedule_thursday_active  = true
  port_schedule_thursday_from    = "09:00"
  port_schedule_thursday_to      = "17:00"
  port_schedule_tuesday_active   = true
  port_schedule_tuesday_from     = "09:00"
  port_schedule_tuesday_to       = "17:00"
  port_schedule_wednesday_active = true
  port_schedule_wednesday_from   = "09:00"
  port_schedule_wednesday_to     = "17:00"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name for your port schedule. Required
- `network_id` (String) Network ID

### Optional

- `port_schedule_friday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_friday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_friday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_monday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_monday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_monday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_saturday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_saturday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_saturday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_sunday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_sunday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_sunday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_thursday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_thursday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_thursday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_tuesday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_tuesday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_tuesday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_wednesday_active` (Boolean) Whether the schedule is active (true) or inactive (false) during the time specified between `from` and `to`. Defaults to true.
- `port_schedule_wednesday_from` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be less than the time specified in `to`. Defaults to `00:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.
- `port_schedule_wednesday_to` (String) The time, from `00:00` to `24:00`. Must be greater than the time specified in `from`. Defaults to `24:00`. Only 30 minute increments are allowed.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_switch_port_schedule.example "<network_id>,<id>"
```
