---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_switch_organization_ports_profile Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Switches"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Switch Organization Ports Profile configuration.
  ~>Warning: This resource or data source depends on an Early Access API endpoint. These API endpoints are subject to breaking changes without prior notice.
---

# meraki_switch_organization_ports_profile (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Switch Organization Ports Profile` configuration.

~>Warning: This resource or data source depends on an Early Access API endpoint. These API endpoints are subject to breaking changes without prior notice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_switch_organization_ports_profile" "example" {
  organization_id            = "123456"
  description                = "IP Phones for all office workers"
  is_organization_wide       = true
  name                       = "Phone"
  port_access_policy_type    = "Open"
  port_allowed_vlans         = "1-100"
  port_dai_trusted           = false
  port_isolation_enabled     = false
  port_peer_sgt_capable      = false
  port_poe_enabled           = true
  port_rstp_enabled          = true
  port_storm_control_enabled = true
  port_stp_guard             = "disabled"
  port_type                  = "access"
  port_udld                  = "Alert only"
  port_vlan                  = 10
  port_voice_vlan            = 20
  tags                       = ["tag1"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the profile.
- `organization_id` (String) Organization ID
- `port_type` (String) The type of the port profile.
  - Choices: `access`, `stack`, `trunk`

### Optional

- `description` (String) Text describing the profile.
- `is_organization_wide` (Boolean) The scope of the profile whether it is organization level or network level
- `network_id` (String) The network identifier
- `networks_type` (String) Flag to identify if the networks networks are excluded or included
- `networks_values` (Attributes List) The network object containing name and id (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networks_values))
- `port_access_policy_number` (Number) The number of a custom access policy to configure on the port profile. Only applicable when `accessPolicyType` is `Custom access policy`.
- `port_access_policy_type` (String) The type of the access policy of the port profile. Only applicable to access ports.
  - Choices: `Custom access policy`, `MAC allow list`, `Open`, `Sticky MAC allow list`
- `port_adaptive_policy_group_id` (String) The adaptive policy group ID that will be used to tag traffic through this port profile. This ID must pre-exist during the configuration, else needs to be created using adaptivePolicy/groups API.
- `port_adaptive_policy_voice_group_id` (String) The adaptive policy group ID that will be used to tag voice traffic through this port profile. This ID must pre-exist during the configuration, else needs to be created using adaptivePolicy/groups API.
- `port_allowed_vlans` (String) The VLANs allowed on the port profile. Only applicable to trunk ports.
- `port_dai_trusted` (Boolean) If true, ARP packets for this port will be considered trusted, and Dynamic ARP Inspection will allow the traffic.
- `port_isolation_enabled` (Boolean) The isolation status of the port profile.
- `port_mac_allow_list` (List of String) Only devices with MAC addresses specified in this list will have access to this port. Up to 20 MAC addresses can be defined. Only applicable when `accessPolicyType` is `MAC allow list`.
- `port_peer_sgt_capable` (Boolean) If true, Peer SGT is enabled for traffic through this port profile. Applicable to trunk ports only.
- `port_poe_enabled` (Boolean) The PoE status of the port profile.
- `port_rstp_enabled` (Boolean) The rapid spanning tree protocol status.
- `port_sticky_mac_allow_list` (List of String) The initial list of MAC addresses for sticky Mac allow list. Only applicable when `accessPolicyType` is `Sticky MAC allow list`.
- `port_sticky_mac_allow_list_limit` (Number) The maximum number of MAC addresses for sticky MAC allow list. Only applicable when `accessPolicyType` is `Sticky MAC allow list`.
- `port_storm_control_enabled` (Boolean) The storm control status of the port profile.
- `port_stp_guard` (String) The state of the STP guard.
  - Choices: `bpdu guard`, `disabled`, `loop guard`, `root guard`
- `port_udld` (String) The action to take when Unidirectional Link is detected. LinkDefault configuration is Alert only.
  - Choices: `Alert only`, `Enforce`
- `port_vlan` (Number) The VLAN of the port profile. A null value will clear the value set for trunk ports.
- `port_voice_vlan` (Number) The voice VLAN of the port profile. Only applicable to access ports.
- `tags` (List of String) Space-seperated list of tags

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--networks_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networks_values`

Required:

- `id` (String) The network identifier

Optional:

- `name` (String) The network name

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = meraki_switch_organization_ports_profile.example
  identity = {
    "organization_id" : "<organization_id>"
    "id" : "<id>"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `id` (String)
- `organization_id` (String) Organization ID

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = meraki_switch_organization_ports_profile.example
  id = "<organization_id>,<id>"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_switch_organization_ports_profile.example "<organization_id>,<id>"
```
