---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_switch_stack_routing_interfaces Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Switch Stack Routing Interface configuration.
---

# meraki_switch_stack_routing_interfaces (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Switch Stack Routing Interface` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_switch_stack_routing_interfaces" "example" {
  network_id      = "L_123456"
  switch_stack_id = "1234"
  organization_id = "123456"
  items = [{
    default_gateway      = "192.168.1.1"
    interface_ip         = "192.168.1.2"
    multicast_routing    = "disabled"
    name                 = "L3 interface"
    subnet               = "192.168.1.0/24"
    vlan_id              = 100
    ipv6_address         = "1:2:3:4::1"
    ipv6_assignment_mode = "static"
    ipv6_gateway         = "1:2:3:4::2"
    ipv6_prefix          = "1:2:3:4::/64"
    ospf_settings_area   = "ospfDisabled"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `items` (Attributes Set) The list of items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `organization_id` (String) The organization ID
- `switch_stack_id` (String) Switch stack ID

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `name` (String) A friendly name or description for the interface or VLAN.
- `vlan_id` (Number) The VLAN this routed interface is on. VLAN must be between 1 and 4094.

Optional:

- `default_gateway` (String) The next hop for any traffic that isn`t going to a directly connected subnet or over a static route. This IP address must exist in a subnet with a routed interface.
- `interface_ip` (String) The IP address this switch stack will use for layer 3 routing on this VLAN or subnet. This cannot be the same as the switch`s management IP.
- `ipv6_address` (String) The IPv6 address of the interface. Required if assignmentMode is `static`. Must not be included if assignmentMode is `eui-64`.
- `ipv6_assignment_mode` (String) The IPv6 assignment mode for the interface. Can be either `eui-64` or `static`.
- `ipv6_gateway` (String) The IPv6 default gateway of the interface. Required if prefix is defined and this is the first interface with IPv6 configured for the stack.
- `ipv6_prefix` (String) The IPv6 prefix of the interface. Required if IPv6 object is included.
- `multicast_routing` (String) Enable multicast support if, multicast routing between VLANs is required. Options are, `disabled`, `enabled` or `IGMP snooping querier`. Default is `disabled`.
  - Choices: `IGMP snooping querier`, `disabled`, `enabled`
- `ospf_settings_area` (String) The OSPF area to which this interface should belong. Can be either `ospfDisabled` or the identifier of an existing OSPF area. Defaults to `ospfDisabled`.
- `ospf_settings_cost` (Number) The path cost for this interface. Defaults to 1, but can be increased up to 65535 to give lower priority.
- `ospf_settings_is_passive_enabled` (Boolean) When enabled, OSPF will not run on the interface, but the subnet will still be advertised.
- `subnet` (String) The network that this routed interface is on, in CIDR notation (ex. 10.1.1.0/24).

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of the item

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_switch_stack_routing_interfaces.example "<organization_id>,<network_id>,<switch_stack_id>"
```
