---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_switch_routing_interfaces Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Switches"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Switch Routing Interface configuration in bulk.
  This bulk resource uses the following attributes to uniquely identify each object. Changing any of these attributes will cause the object to be deleted and recreated.
  name
---

# meraki_switch_routing_interfaces (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Switch Routing Interface` configuration in bulk.

This bulk resource uses the following attributes to uniquely identify each object. Changing any of these attributes will cause the object to be deleted and recreated.

- `name`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_switch_routing_interfaces" "example" {
  serial          = "1234-ABCD-1234"
  organization_id = "123456"
  items = [{
    default_gateway      = "192.168.1.1"
    interface_ip         = "192.168.1.2"
    mode                 = "vlan"
    multicast_routing    = "disabled"
    name                 = "L3 interface"
    subnet               = "192.168.1.0/24"
    vlan_id              = 100
    ipv6_address         = "1:2:3:4::1"
    ipv6_assignment_mode = "static"
    ipv6_gateway         = "1:2:3:4::2"
    ipv6_prefix          = "1:2:3:4::/64"
    ospf_settings_area   = "ospfDisabled"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `items` (Attributes Set) The list of items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `organization_id` (String) The organization ID
- `serial` (String) Switch serial

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `name` (String) A friendly name or description for the interface or VLAN.

Optional:

- `default_gateway` (String) The next hop for any traffic that isn`t going to a directly connected subnet or over a static route. This IP address must exist in a subnet with a routed interface. Required if this is the first IPv4 interface.
- `interface_ip` (String) The IP address this switch will use for layer 3 routing on this VLAN or subnet. This cannot be the same as the switch`s management IP.
- `ipv6_address` (String) The IPv6 address of the interface. Required if assignmentMode is `static`. Must not be included if assignmentMode is `eui-64`.
- `ipv6_assignment_mode` (String) The IPv6 assignment mode for the interface. Can be either `eui-64` or `static`.
- `ipv6_gateway` (String) The IPv6 default gateway of the interface. Required if prefix is defined and this is the first interface with IPv6 configured for the switch.
- `ipv6_prefix` (String) The IPv6 prefix of the interface. Required if IPv6 object is included.
- `mode` (String) L3 Interface mode, can be one of `vlan`, `routed` or `loopback`. Default is `vlan`. CS 17.18 or higher is required for `routed` mode.
  - Choices: `loopback`, `routed`, `vlan`
- `multicast_routing` (String) Enable multicast support if, multicast routing between VLANs is required. Options are: `disabled`, `enabled` or `IGMP snooping querier`. Default is `disabled`.
  - Choices: `IGMP snooping querier`, `disabled`, `enabled`
- `ospf_settings_area` (String) The OSPF area to which this interface should belong. Can be either `ospfDisabled` or the identifier of an existing OSPF area. Defaults to `ospfDisabled`.
- `ospf_settings_cost` (Number) The path cost for this interface. Defaults to 1, but can be increased up to 65535 to give lower priority.
- `ospf_settings_is_passive_enabled` (Boolean) When enabled, OSPF will not run on the interface, but the subnet will still be advertised.
- `ospf_settings_network_type` (String) OSPF network type
  - Choices: `broadcast`, `point-to-point`
- `subnet` (String) The network that this routed interface is on, in CIDR notation (ex. 10.1.1.0/24).
- `switch_port_id` (String) Switch Port ID when in Routed mode (CS 17.18 or higher required)
- `vlan_id` (Number) The VLAN this routed interface is on. VLAN must be between 1 and 4094.
- `vrf_name` (String) The name of the VRF this interface belongs to.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of the item

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = meraki_switch_routing_interfaces.example
  identity = {
    "organization_id" : "<organization_id>"
    "serial" : "<serial>"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `organization_id` (String)
- `serial` (String) Switch serial

#### Optional

- `item_ids` (List of String) List of item IDs

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = meraki_switch_routing_interfaces.example
  id = "<organization_id>,<serial>"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_switch_routing_interfaces.example "<organization_id>,<serial>"
```
