---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_wireless_ssid_schedules Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "Wireless"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Wireless SSID Schedules configuration.
---

# meraki_wireless_ssid_schedules (Resource)

This resource can manage the `Wireless SSID Schedules` configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_wireless_ssid_schedules" "example" {
  network_id = "L_123456"
  number     = "0"
  enabled    = true
  ranges = [
    {
      end_day    = "Tuesday"
      end_time   = "05:00:00"
      start_day  = "Tuesday"
      start_time = "01:00:00"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `number` (String) Wireless SSID number

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, the SSID outage schedule is enabled.
- `ranges` (Attributes List) List of outage ranges. Has a start date and time, and end date and time. If this parameter is passed in along with rangesInSeconds parameter, this will take precedence. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ranges))
- `ranges_in_seconds` (Attributes List) List of outage ranges in seconds since Sunday at Midnight. Has a start and end. If this parameter is passed in along with the ranges parameter, ranges will take precedence. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ranges_in_seconds))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ranges`

Required:

- `end_day` (String) Day of when the outage ends. Can be either full day name, or three letter abbreviation
- `end_time` (String) 24 hour time when the outage ends.
- `start_day` (String) Day of when the outage starts. Can be either full day name, or three letter abbreviation.
- `start_time` (String) 24 hour time when the outage starts.


<a id="nestedatt--ranges_in_seconds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ranges_in_seconds`

Required:

- `end` (Number) Seconds since Sunday at midnight when that outage range ends.
- `start` (Number) Seconds since Sunday at midnight when the outage range starts.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import meraki_wireless_ssid_schedules.example "<network_id>,<number>"
```
